TreeList - Getting Started: Add ASP.NET Core Overhaul (#8970)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/TreeList/00 Getting Started with TreeList/00 Getting Started with TreeList.md

#include tutorials-intro-installationnote

> DevExtreme TreeList displays data in a multi-column tree view. The component supports local and remote data stores and allows users to shape data using sorting, filtering, and other operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DevExtreme TreeList displays data in a multi-column tree view. The component supports local and remote data stores and allows users to shape data with sorting, filtering, and other operations.
```

[/note]

> This tutorial adds DevExtreme TreeList to a page, binds the component to data, and configures core TreeList features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial shows how to add DevExtreme TreeList to a page, bind the component to data, and configure core TreeList features.
```
